README.md, before:

# JOBBEE

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/IPL-1.0)

<p align="left"> 
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://graphql.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/graphql/graphql-icon.svg" alt="graphql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://heroku.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/heroku/heroku-icon.svg" alt="heroku" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
</p>

## Table of Contents

- [**Description**](#-description)
- [**Demo Video**](#-demo-video)
- [**Installation**](#-installation)
- [**License**](#-license)
- [**Author**](#-author)

## 📑 Description

Woohoo! According to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics, the projected growth of web developers and digital interface designers has been increasing of whopping 8%. This is great news because there will be more opportunities for us to seize. 

So, both employers and developers, just come to **JOBBEE** and meet up whoever they are looking for the jobs, or looking for the workers. 

Our app, **JOBBEE** allows new users to to sign up as Developers and Employers. Employers can post job listings and like their favorite developers. Developers can look at job listings and see which employer has liked them.

**CLICK THE LOGO TO EXPLORE OUR WEBSITE**  
[![Image Caption](/images/logo_readme.png)](https://jobbee-fantom.herokuapp.com/)

Below are the links for our proposal and presentation.

- Proposal Link: [**JOBBEE Proposal**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tkpBao4v5Ce5p7NSlHMZM_jwsXB1OAc3wnqnS4AP3h4/edit?usp=sharing)
- Presentation Link: [**JOBEE Presentation**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KEw8c_vgvddFdD_Hf-eKvjp4TToaVwk3dzuqR0W8UGk/edit?usp=sharing)

## 🎬 Demo Video

If you want to get an idea of how to explore our website?  
Check out our demo video below.

**CLICK THE IMAGE TO PLAY THE DEMO VIDEO**  
[![Image Caption](/images/home-readme.PNG)](https://youtu.be/UE-s-nBnt44)

## 💾 Installation

Clone our repository.

```
git@github.com:zzangu0215/jobbee.git
```

Once you **`git clone`** the repository, create **`.env`** file in the `server` side , and have following in your **`.env`**.

```
# Secret for signing jwt
SECRET=YOURSECRET
```

Type and run **`npm i`** in your terminal to install all the dependencies in `client` side and `server` side.

To test our app locally, type the following command to your terminal.

- **`npm run develop`**

Then, the new window will pop up at `http://localhost:3000` where the backend server is available at `http://localhost:3001/graphql`

## 🛠 License

This application is covered by the **ISC** license.

## 😎 Author

🖐 If you have any question about us or our project, feel free to contact us!

- **Jun Park**

  - [**Jun's Portfolio**](https://zzangu0215.github.io/portfolio-v3/) (to be updated)
  - **Github**: [**zzangu0215**](https://github.com/zzangu0215)
  - Email: **tajo0215@gmail.com**

- **Israel Magallon**

  - [**Israel's Portfolio**](https://imagallon.github.io/react-portfolio/) (to be updated)
  - **Github**: [**imagallon**](https://github.com/imagallon)
  - Email: **izzymagallonworks@gmail.com**

- **Daeyoung Bae**

  - [**Daeyoung's Portfolio**](https://wooglow.github.io/react-portfolio/#/about) (to be updated)
  - **Github**: [**wooglow**](https://github.com/wooglow)
  - Email: **wooglow@gmail.com**

Commit message:

maxwell added to author section in readme

README.md, after:

# JOBBEE

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/IPL-1.0)

<p align="left"> 
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://graphql.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/graphql/graphql-icon.svg" alt="graphql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://heroku.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/heroku/heroku-icon.svg" alt="heroku" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
</p>

## Table of Contents

- [**Description**](#-description)
- [**Demo Video**](#-demo-video)
- [**Installation**](#-installation)
- [**License**](#-license)
- [**Author**](#-author)

## 📑 Description

Woohoo! According to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics, the projected growth of web developers and digital interface designers has been increasing of whopping 8%. This is great news because there will be more opportunities for us to seize.

So, both employers and developers, just come to **JOBBEE** and meet up whoever they are looking for the jobs, or looking for the workers.

Our app, **JOBBEE** allows new users to to sign up as Developers and Employers. Employers can post job listings and like their favorite developers. Developers can look at job listings and see which employer has liked them.

**CLICK THE LOGO TO EXPLORE OUR WEBSITE**  
[![Image Caption](/images/logo_readme.png)](https://jobbee-fantom.herokuapp.com/)

Below are the links for our proposal and presentation.

- Proposal Link: [**JOBBEE Proposal**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tkpBao4v5Ce5p7NSlHMZM_jwsXB1OAc3wnqnS4AP3h4/edit?usp=sharing)
- Presentation Link: [**JOBEE Presentation**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KEw8c_vgvddFdD_Hf-eKvjp4TToaVwk3dzuqR0W8UGk/edit?usp=sharing)

## 🎬 Demo Video

If you want to get an idea of how to explore our website?  
Check out our demo video below.

**CLICK THE IMAGE TO PLAY THE DEMO VIDEO**  
[![Image Caption](/images/home-readme.PNG)](https://youtu.be/UE-s-nBnt44)

## 💾 Installation

Clone our repository.

```
git@github.com:zzangu0215/jobbee.git
```

Once you **`git clone`** the repository, create **`.env`** file in the `server` side , and have following in your **`.env`**.

```
# Secret for signing jwt
SECRET=YOURSECRET
```

Type and run **`npm i`** in your terminal to install all the dependencies in `client` side and `server` side.

To test our app locally, type the following command to your terminal.

- **`npm run develop`**

Then, the new window will pop up at `http://localhost:3000` where the backend server is available at `http://localhost:3001/graphql`

## 🛠 License

This application is covered by the **ISC** license.

## 😎 Author

🖐 If you have any question about us or our project, feel free to contact us!

- **Jun Park**

  - [**Jun's Portfolio**](https://zzangu0215.github.io/portfolio-v3/) (to be updated)
  - **Github**: [**zzangu0215**](https://github.com/zzangu0215)
  - Email: **tajo0215@gmail.com**

- **Israel Magallon**

  - [**Israel's Portfolio**](https://imagallon.github.io/react-portfolio/) (to be updated)
  - **Github**: [**imagallon**](https://github.com/imagallon)
  - Email: **izzymagallonworks@gmail.com**

- **Maxwell Dunn**

  - [**Maxwell's Portfolio**](https://mdd-portfolio.herokuapp.com/) (to be updated)
  - **Github**: [**maxd66**](https://github.com/maxd66)
  - Email: **max.dunn63@gmail.com**

- **Daeyoung Bae**

  - [**Daeyoung's Portfolio**](https://wooglow.github.io/react-portfolio/#/about) (to be updated)
  - **Github**: [**wooglow**](https://github.com/wooglow)
  - Email: **wooglow@gmail.com**
